Peter: Good evening and welcome to Language Today. I'm Peter Chatterton. We're very lucky to have with us in the studio this evening our three guests, Professor Madeleine Wrighton ...
Madeleine: Hi!
Peter: Professor Trevor Oldcastle ... 
Trevor: Good evening.
Peter: And Professor Olivia Booth ...
Olivia: Hello viewers.
Peter: Let me start by asking you for your advice to people who want to learn a language. Professor Wrighton?
Madeleine: You can call me Madeleine, Peter. Well, my advice to language learners is this. You should speak, speak and speak. That's it. No books, no grammar, no writing, just talking. Simple.
Peter: Thank you Prof... sorry, Madeleine. Professor Oldcastle, or may I call you Trevor?
Trevor: No, you can't call me Trevor, thank you. I don't agree with Professor Wrighton. I think that people who are serious about languages should use books. For example, you should read the dictionary to learn new words. You shouldn't have it in the bookcase and never look at it. Look for new words and write them down.
Peter: Thank you. Finally, Professor Booth.
Olivia: I'm sorry to say that your other 'experts' are both wrong. I believe that learners should 'live' the language they want to learn. For example, English. You should buy an English newspaper or magazine, such as The Times newspaper, and read it every day. You should go on holiday to England or the USA, listen to English music, drink English beer and eat a full English breakfast.
Peter: OK ...
Olivia: Oh yes, but what about finding an English husband or wife? You should move house, to England, change your name to Smith ...
Peter: OK, Professor Booth, thank you.
Trevor: I'm sorry but this isn't correct. Language learners should take exams and study grammar rules.
Madeleine: Really, Trevor, that is a very traditional approach. The future is self-study, distance-learning material and the Internet. Learners should think about communication. Speaking, talking, chatting, not books and dictionaries.
Olivia: No, no, culture, culture, culture that's what people should have.
Peter: Yes, thank you, Professor Booth. Now, if I could just move on to ...